Table cell enhancements (#203)
palmetto/palmetto-components: src/components/Table/Table.stories.mdx

    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Aligning Cell Text

> Align cell content as needed with the `align` prop. Either pass the prop globally for all columns, or individually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Align cell content as needed with the `align` prop. Either pass the prop at the `<Table />` level for all columns, or individually
```
